A special election for Pennsylvania which was held on March 13 ,2018 following by the  resignation of Representative Tim Murphy. Murphy, who held the seat since 2002, declared his intent to resign on October 5, 2017 and vacated his seat on October 21 that year.This was the last election for pennsylvania 18th congress district which is held under the Congressional Redistricting Act of 2011 and new districts have been drawn as per the Supreme court orders and this will be in effect for the main 2018 Congressional Elections.This situation is hardly to be ignored because Eight term in incumbent Republican U.S. Representative Tim Murphy was involved in a sex scandal consisting of his allegedly having extramarital sexual relations with a woman and then asking her to have an abortion. This was particularly damaging because Murphy identifies as a pro-life politician. Murphy subsequently announced that he was resigning and that he would leave office on October 21.Primary elections were not take place Instead of this nominees were chosen by each party .The Republican party held a special convention on November 11,2017 to choose a nominee through a conferee process involving 215 local Republican activists. The Democratic Party held their nominating convention on November 19, 2017. The Libertarian Party of Allegheny County and the Libertarian Party of Washington County nominated a candidate via party caucus. The major party candidates were Republican Rick Saccone and Democrat Conor Lamb, in a district which Donald Trump carried by almost 20 points in the 2016 presidential election. The special election attracted national attention and was seen by many political analysts and commentators as a bellwether on the popularity of Donald Trump, Trump's tax, on steel and aluminum imports, and the Republican Party. Saccone said the special election was a popular vote, on Trump's presidency and called himself "Trump before Trump was Trump". National Republicans sources spent more than $8 million on television advertising, twice as much as the Advocate, and Republican stars including Donald Trump (twice), Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, and Mike Pence came to the state to campaign for Saccone.The campaign was also notable in that it featured a third-party candidate (Libertarian Drew Gray Miller) on the election for the first time in the district since 1996.
Lamb declared victory just after midnight on March 14. With all precincts reporting, Lamb led Saccone by 627 votes, a margin of 0.2 percent. NBC News declared Lamb the apparent winner early on the morning of March 14, based on the remaining absentee ballots from Washington County. The New York Times followed suit later that afternoon. A few other outlets have declared Lamb the winner in what has been described as "a major upset," but others have withheld judgment, citing the closeness of the race and the likelihood of a recount. Also, Republicans have said they may challenge the result in the courts. It appears that Lamb's lead of 627 votes will hold, since there are only about 500 provisional, military, and absentee ballots left to count. If Lamb's lead holds and is certified, he will be the first Democrat to represent what is now the 18th since 2003.