Times Up is a movement which is against Sexual Harassment  and which was founded on January 1,2018 by The Hollywood Celebrities in response to the Weinstein effect and #MeToo. As of February 2018, it has raised $20 million for its legal defence fund, and gathered over 200 volunteer lawyers.Basically in November 2017 the Alianza Nacional  de Campesinas wrote a letter of solidarity to the Hollywood women involved in exposing the sexual abuse allegations against Harvey Weinstein. The letter, published in Time, described experiences of assault and harassment among female farmworkers. The letter stated that it was written on behalf of the approximately 700,000 female farmworkers in the United States and In response to this Time's Up was announced in The New York Times on january 1,2018.The announcement cited the letter of support from  Alianza Nacional de Campesinas and the desire to support women,men,people of color and the LGBT community who have the less access to media platforms and fund to speak up about harassment at this founding there several initiatives taken place First of all the $13-million legal defence fund, administered by the National Women's Law Centre, to support lower-income women seeking justice for sexual harassment and assault in the workplace and  also advocating for  legislation to punish companies that tolerate persistent harassment .This movement is towards gender parity in studio and talent agencies and they were is favour of Calling for woman on the 
Red Carpet at the 75th Golden Globe Awards to wear black and speak out about sexual harassment and assault.Mark Wahlberg and William Morris Endeavor, his talent agency, donated more than $2 million to Time's Up in early January 2018 in the name of Wahlberg's co-star Michelle Williams from All the Money in the World. This occurred after it was revealed that Williams (who is represented by the same agency) received $800 for 10 days to redo certain scenes in the movie, while Wahlberg received $1.5 million for the same 10 days of work.Some (including Lady Gaga, Lana Del Rey, Kesha and Cyndi Lauper) who attended the Grammys in 2018 wore white roses or all-white clothes to express solidarity with the Time's Up movement.[6] Lorde wore an excerpt from a work by Jenny Holzer, printed on a card stitched onto the back of her dress; the excerpt read, "Rejoice! Our times are intolerable. Take courage, for the worst is a harbinger of the best. Only dire circumstance can precipitate the overthrow of oppressors. The old & corrupt must be laid to waste before the just can triumph. Contradiction will be heightened. The reckoning will be hastened by the staging of seed disturbances. The apocalypse will blossom." Lorde wrote, "My version of a white rose — THE APOCALYPSE WILL BLOSSOM — an excerpt from the greatest of all time, Jenny Holzer.In a symbolic move,these women are encouraging others in hollywood to wear black to the golden gloves on Sunday.They are also encouaging these women to speak out against the sexual harassment and raise awareness about this critical issue.
 